c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\bin\Debug\App5.exe
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\bin\Debug\App5.pdb
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\bin\Debug\App5.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\SplitPage.xaml
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\App5.exe
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\App5.pdb
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\App5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ken\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\App5\App5\obj\Debug\App5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\bin\Debug\App5.exe
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\bin\Debug\App5.pdb
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\bin\Debug\App5.build.appxrecipe
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\App5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.i.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.xaml
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\SplitPage.xaml
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\App5.exe
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\App5.pdb
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\App5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Git\hudl-win8\SampleApiInteraction\App5\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
